improve dx for type inference (#2536)
trpc/trpc: www/docs/server/infer-types.md

```

It is often useful to wrap functionality of your `@trpc/client` or `@trpc/react` api within other functions. For this purpose, it's necessary to be able to infer input types and output types generated by your `@trpc/server` router.

## Inference Helpers

`@trpc/server` exports the following helper types to assist with inferring these types from the `AppRouter` exported by your `@trpc/server` router:

- `inferProcedureOutput<TProcedure>`
- `inferProcedureInput<TProcedure>`

Let's assume we have this example router:

```ts twoslash title='server.ts'
// @include: server
```

By traversing the router object, you can infer the types of the procedures. The following example shows how to infer the types of the procedures of the example `appRouter`:

```ts twoslash title="client.ts"
// @module: esnext
// @include: server
// ---cut---
// @filename: client.ts
import type { inferProcedureInput, inferProcedureOutput } from '@trpc/server';
import type { AppRouter } from './server';

// @noErrors
type UserOutput = inferProcedureOutput<AppRouter['user']['me']>;
//   ^?
type PostInput = inferProcedureInput<AppRouter['postCreate']>;
//   ^?
```

### Additional DX Helper Type

> if you don't like the double-import of first the inferance helper, then your `AppRouter` everytime you want to infer a type, `@trpc/server` also exports a type `GetInferanceHelpers<TRouter>`. This lets you pass your router at initialization then import a single helper type when inferring types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if you don't like the double-import of first the inference helper, then your `AppRouter` every time you want to infer a type, `@trpc/server` also exports a type `GetInferenceHelpers<TRouter>`. This lets you pass your router at initialization then import a single helper type when inferring types:
```

```ts twoslash title='utils/trpc.ts'
// @include: server
// ---cut---
import type { GetInferenceHelpers } from '@trpc/server';
import type { AppRouter } from './server';

// @noErrors

> export type InferTRPC = GetInferenceHelpers<AppRouter>;

Reviewer: Maybe call it some more intuitive? Can't think of a good name tho

Author: Would it help if we modify the helper-type and do something like this to keep a similar API as the current one. Two imports but same `utils`-path as the rest which still solves the issue imo:

```ts
// utils/trpc.ts
import type { GetInferenceHelper } from "@trpc/server";
import type { AppRouter } from "./server";

export type InferProcedureInput = GetInferenceHelper<AppRouter, "input">;
export type InferProcedureOutput = GetInferenceHelper<AppRouter, "output">;

// usage
import { InferProcedureInput } from "~/utils/trpc";
type Post = InferProcedureOutput['post']['byId'];
```

Author: Pushed that one up so you can see it in action. 👍🏼 or 👎🏼

```ts twoslash title='utils/trpc.ts'
// @include: server
// ---cut---
import type { GetInferenceHelpers } from '@trpc/server';
import type { AppRouter } from './server';

// @noErrors
export type InferProcedureInput = GetInferenceHelpers<AppRouter, 'input'>;
export type InferProcedureOutput = GetInferenceHelpers<AppRouter, 'output'>;
```

<!-- FIXME: reuse above snippet -->
```ts twoslash
// @module: esnext
// @include: server
// @filename: utils.ts
import type { GetInferenceHelpers } from '@trpc/server';
import type { AppRouter } from './server';

export type InferProcedureInput = GetInferenceHelpers<AppRouter, 'input'>;
export type InferProcedureOutput = GetInferenceHelpers<AppRouter, 'output'>;
// @filename: index.ts
// ---cut---
import { InferProcedureInput, InferProcedureOutput } from './utils';

type Post = InferProcedureOutput['post']['byId'];
//   ^?
type PostInput = InferProcedureInput['post']['create'];
//   ^?
```

## Infer `TRPClientError`s based on your router

> ```ts twoslash title='client.ts'

Author: fixed the twoslash for this but not sure if we want it since it's a very large and complex type that doesn't really provide much insight?
